hello welcome again I hope you're ready
to start with this lesson we will study
the issue of operators this is the basis
for the management of information when
creating our programs in Java and
operating with the data are you ready ok
let's go. In order to perform any type of
calculation and/or create our algorithms
is necessary to use operators in the
table shown we can observe the operators
in Java from arithmetic operators
relationship operators logical unitary
operators bit-level operators assignment
operators conditional priority and
evaluation order operators so this is
the table that we're going to use as a
reference so we are going to do some
exercises to put these operators into
practice. Reserve Words in Java. When
working with Java the language has
previously defined several words that
already have a particular meaning for
the compiler and therefore we cannot use
them for purposes of assigning a name to
a variable. In the figure we can see the
reserved words in Java and little by
little we will know many of these words
and the meaning of each of them, however
in this picture we can see all of them
concentrated so we have a general
knowledge of these words and these words
have been reserved by the Java language
so this picture can serve us for a
future reference